Organization profile first draft (#1)
autowarefoundation/.github: profile/README.md

## Welcome to the Autoware Foundation! 👋
![Autoware_RViz](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/63835446/158918717-58d6deaf-93fb-47f9-891d-e242b02cba7b.png)

The [Autoware Foundation](https://www.autoware.org/) manages the development of Autoware, the world's leading open-source software project for autonomous driving, and sponsors Autoware-based projects all over the world. Autoware was started in 2015 and is being used by over 100 companies on more than 30 vehicles in over 20 different countries worldwide. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/953808765935816715?label=Join%20Autoware%20Discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/Q94UsPvReQ)

```

Reviewer: Added this here with suggestion made in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/58#pullrequestreview-913859438

## Welcome to the Autoware Foundation! 👋

> ![Autoware stack](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/984e93_552e338be28543c7949717053cc3f11f~mv2.png/v1/crop/x_0,y_1,w_1500,h_879/fill/w_1079,h_633,al_c,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/Autoware-GFX_edited.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Autoware stack](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/984e93_552e338be28543c7949717053cc3f11f~mv2.png/v1/crop/x_0,y_1,w_1500,h_879/fill/w_1079,h_633,al_c,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/Autoware-GFX_edited.png)
```
Wow this image needs to be updated, it looks so outdated in style. I will create and send one today.

Reviewer: Under the https://www.autoware.org/media-kit , there is the [Brand Guide pdf](https://www.autoware.org/_files/ugd/a700a5_31b49b4418564de1a91b61afa60e8462.pdf) and it depicts the colors allowed for the `.IO`, `.AI`, `.AUTO` projects.

Since it was so formal, I didn't want to make any banners for now.

@mitsudome-r @BonoloAWF I think we should bring discussion of branding of `.CORE` and `.UNIVERSE` to this night's TSC meeting, what do you think?

We don't even have the colors for these 2.

Reviewer: I've created an issue to track this: https://github.com/autowarefoundation/.github/issues/2

The Autoware Foundation manages the development of Autoware, the world's leading open-source software project for autonomous driving, and sponsors Autoware-based projects all over the world. Autoware was started in 2015 and is being used by over 100 companies on more than 30 vehicles in over 20 different countries worldwide. 

### Repository overview
- [autowarefoundation/autoware](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware)
  - Meta-repository containing `.repos` files to construct an Autoware workspace.
  - It is anticipated that this repository will be frequently forked by users, and so it contains minimal information to avoid unnecessary differences.
- [autowarefoundation/autoware_common](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_common)
  - Library/utility type repository containing commonly referenced ROS packages. 
  - These packages were moved to a separate repository in order to reduce CI execution time
- [autowarefoundation/autoware.core](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.core)

>   - Core repository containing high-quality and stable ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The main repository for high-quality and stable ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.
```

Reviewer: ❤, I support your update on this change.

  - Based on [Autoware.Auto](https://gitlab.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.auto/AutowareAuto) and [Autoware.Universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe).
- [autowarefoundation/autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)

>   - Core repository containing experimental but cutting-edge ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The main repository for experimental but cutting-edge ROS packages for Autonomous Driving.
```

Reviewer: Sure, it sounds reasonable!

- [autowarefoundation/autoware_launch](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware_launch)
  - Launch configuration repository containing node configurations and their parameters.
- [autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions)
  - Contains [reusable GitHub Actions workflows](https://docs.github.com/ja/actions/learn-github-actions/reusing-workflows).

>   - Since Autoware has many repositories, making CI scripts DRY is efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Used by many repositories of the Autoware for CI.
  - Utilizes [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself) concept.
```

- [autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation)
  - Documentation repository for Autoware users and developers.

>   - Since Autoware Core/Universe has multiple repositories, a central documentation repository is more user-friendly than writing distributed documentation in each repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Since Autoware Core/Universe has multiple repositories, a central documentation repository is important to make information accessible from a single place.
```

Each package will have its own documentation too so I made this change @kenji-miyake

Reviewer 2: Great! Thank you. :pray:

### Contribution guidelines

> [There is no formal process to becoming a contributor!](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-projects/wiki#contributors). If you want to become a contributor then you can comment on any [existing issues](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/issues) or make a pull request on any Autoware repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[There is no formal process to become a contributor!](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-projects/wiki#contributors). If you want to become a contributor then you can comment on any [existing issues](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/issues) or make a pull request on any Autoware repository. 

Make sure to follow the [Contribution Guidelines](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/contributing/)!
```

Maybe we can add the information in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-projects/wiki#contributors into the https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/contributing/#contribution-workflows and only have a single source of information.

What do you think @kenji-miyake @LalithVipulananthan ?

Reviewer 2: I agree with @xmfcx. :+1: 

[Nits] By the way, `the` is better than `our`.
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/issues/51
